Included hasUniqueRole (#7)
OriumNetwork/EIPs: EIPS/eip-7432.md

* Compliant contracts MUST implement the `IERC7432` interface.
* A role is represented by a `bytes32`, and it's RECOMMENDED to use the `keccak256` of the role's name for this purpose:
  `bytes32 role = keccak256("ROLE_NAME")`.
* `grantRole` function MUST revert if the `_expirationDate` is in the past, and MAY be implemented as `public` or
  `external`.
* `revokeRole` function MAY be implemented as `public` or `external`.
* The `hasRole` function MAY be implemented as `pure` or `view` and SHOULD only confirm if the role assignment exists
  and is not expired (supports simultaneous role assignments).
* The `hasUniqueRole` function MAY be implemented as `pure` or `view` and SHOULD check if the assignment exists, is not
  expired and is the last one granted (does not support simultaneous role assignments).
* The `roleData` function MAY be implemented as `pure` or `view`, and SHOULD return an empty array of bytes if the role
  assignment does not exist.

> * The `roleExpirationDate` function MAY be implemented as `pure` or `view`, and SHOULD return `uint64(0)` if the role

Reviewer: The function signature in interface already implies that will be returned a uint64

```suggestion
* The `roleExpirationDate` function MAY be implemented as `pure` or `view`, and SHOULD return zero if the role
```

which should be enough to be considered "permanent". For this reason, it's RECOMMENDED using `type(uint64).max` when
calling the `grantRole` function to support use cases that require an assignment never to expire.

### Unique and Non-Unique Roles

The standard supports both unique and non-unique roles. Unique roles can be assigned to only one account at a time,
while non-unique roles can be granted to multiple accounts simultaneously. The roles extension metadata can be used to

> find out if roles are unique, and if the contract does not implement it, all roles should be considered non-unique.

Reviewer: I think the most common case would be unique roles, instead of non-unique. Shouldn't unique be the default for a nft that not implemented metadata?
